## Standard Product Report
Generates reports for GUNW standard product processing by AOI.
----
There are two associated jobs:
- Standard Product S1-GUNW - AOI Ops Report
- Standard Product S1-GUNW - AOI Enumeration Report



### Standard Product S1-GUNW - AOI Ops Report
-----
Job is of type iterative. Input facet is an AOI, and there are no user inputs. The job queries for all standard products associated with an AOI, and generates an AOI_Ops_Report product for that AOI. The report is an excel file with the following tabs:
   * Current Product Status: shows all associated intermediate products, date pairs, hashes, missing slcs & acquisitions per expected GUNW. This allows ops to track progress of products through the system & identify gaps.
   * SLCs: shows all SLCs covered by the AOI that have been localized.
   * Missing SLCs: shows all SLCs that have not been localized.
   * Acquisitions: shows all current acquisitions & their associated SLCs and IPF numbers.
   * Acquisition-Lists: shows all acquisition-lists and their associated full_id_hash.
   * IFG-Configs: shows all ifg-cfgs and their associated full_id_hash.
   * IFGs: shows all S1-GUNWs and their associated full_id_hash.

### Standard Product S1-GUNW - AOI Enumeration Report
-----
The Enumeration report PGE focuses on comparing a list of expected user date pairings over a given AOI, to what the system generated. Users should have as input a string of expected date pairs in the following format: YYMMdd-YYMMdd,YYMMdd-YYMMdd,YYMMdd-YYMMdd... etc.

Job is of type iterative. Input facet is an AOI, and the user input is the date pair string. The PGE determines the set of all date pairs, and generates a comparison of the system's pairing to the user input pairing. Tabs are the following:
   * Current Products: shows a list of current products in the system by date.
   * HySDS Enumerated Date Pairs: a set of all the date pairings generated by the HySDS Enumeration.
   * Input Enumerated Date Pairs: a set of all the input date pairs.
   * Enumeration Comparison: an ordered comparison, by unique date pair, of whether the input enumeration contained the date pair, whether the HySDS enumeration contained the date pair, and what (and if) the Enumeration Audit Trail product evaluated that date pair and issued a comment.
   
This should enable users to audit the HySDS enumerator over an AOI to ensure that the enumeration is generating expected pairings.
   
